## Class 19: Testing and Swagger
#### What is Swagger / OpenAPI?
- Swagger is a language-agnostic specification for describing REST APIs. The Swagger project was donated to the OpenAPI Initiative, where it's now referred to as OpenAPI. Both names are used interchangeably; however, OpenAPI is preferred. It allows both computers and humans to understand the capabilities of a service without any direct access to the implementation (source code, network access, documentation). One goal is to minimize the amount of work needed to connect disassociated services. Another goal is to reduce the amount of time needed to accurately document a service.
#### OpenAPI specification (openapi.json)
- The core to the OpenAPI flow is the specification—by default, a document named openapi.json. It's generated by the OpenAPI tool chain (or third-party implementations of it) based on your service. It describes the capabilities of your API and how to access it with HTTP. It drives the Swagger UI and is used by the tool chain to enable discovery and client code generation. 
#### Swagger UI
- Swagger UI offers a web-based UI that provides information about the service, using the generated OpenAPI specification. Both Swashbuckle and NSwag include an embedded version of Swagger UI, so that it can be hosted in your ASP.NET Core app using a middleware registration call

### Creating Unit Tests for ASP.NET MVC Applications (C#)
- The goal of this tutorial is to demonstrate how you can write unit tests for the controllers in your ASP.NET MVC applications. We discuss how to build three different types of unit tests. You learn how to test the view returned by a controller action, how to test the View Data returned by a controller action, and how to test whether or not one controller action redirects you to a second controller action.
#### Summary
In this tutorial, you learned how to build unit tests for MVC controller actions. First, you learned how to verify whether the right view is returned by a controller action. You learned how to use the ViewResult.ViewName property to verify the name of a view.

Next, we examined how you can test the contents of View Data. You learned how to check whether the right product was returned in View Data after calling a controller action.

Finally, we discussed how you can test whether different types of action results are returned from a controller action. You learned how to test whether a controller returns a ViewResult or a RedirectToRouteResult.

##### Unit test controller logic in ASP.NET Core
- Controllers play a central role in any ASP.NET Core MVC app. As such, you should have confidence that controllers behave as intended. Automated tests can detect errors before the app is deployed to a production environment.
##### Unit tests of controller logic
-Unit tests involve testing a part of an app in isolation from its infrastructure and dependencies. When unit testing controller logic, only the contents of a single action are tested, not the behavior of its dependencies or of the framework itself.

- Set up unit tests of controller actions to focus on the controller's behavior. A controller unit test avoids scenarios such as filters, routing, and model binding. Tests that cover the interactions among components that collectively respond to a request are handled by integration tests. For more information on integration tests, see Integration tests in ASP.NET Core.

- If you're writing custom filters and routes, unit test them in isolation, not as part of tests on a particular controller action.